MTV-5065: Release Notes 2.11.4 (#900)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/rn-2-11-4-resolved-issues.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Release_notes/master.adoc

> :_content-type: REFERENCE

Author: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
```

[id="resolved-issues-2-11-4_{context}"]
= Resolved issues 2.11.4

[role="_abstract"]
Review the resolved issues in this release of {project-short}.

> fstrim stage skipped for RHEL 9 migrations::

Author: ```suggestion
The `fstrim` stage of `virt-v2v` is now skipped for migrations using RHEL 9 with `xfsCompatibility` set to `true`::
```

> The `fstrim` stage of `virt-v2v` is now skipped for migrations using RHEL 9 with `xfsCompatibility` set to `true`::

Reviewer: This update removes the --no-fstrim option from RHEL9 based migrations. The introduction of the option for RHEL9 in 2.11.3 caused the issues. Not sure if we want to really say this directly but that's what happened.

Author: Suggested change -

**Before this update, virtual machine migrations with the `xfsCompatibility` parameter enabled to RHEL 9-based platforms encountered issues because the `--no-fstrim` option was incorrectly applied to the migration process. With this release, the `--no-fstrim` option is removed for these migrations. As a result, migrations based on RHEL 9 platforms run correctly.**

(updated after @solenoci  's comment)

Reviewer: change lgtm

Reviewer: but please keep the wording of "migrations based on RHEL9"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Skipping `fstrim` stage improves migration times for `xfsCompatibility` on RHEL 9::
```

Reviewer 2: just a suggestion for making the heading more concise, not a blocker :) lgtm!

> The `fstrim` stage of `virt-v2v` is now skipped for migrations using RHEL 9 with `xfsCompatibility` set to `true`::

Author: ```suggestion
fstrim stage skipped for RHEL 9 migrations::
```

Before this update, migrations of VMs with the `xfsCompatibility` parameter set to {virt} platforms that use {rhel-first} 9 took a long time during the `fstrim` stage of `virt-v2v`.
+
With this update, {project-short} uses the `--no-fstrim` option for `virt-v2v` for these migrations to RHEL 9-based {virt} platforms. As a result, these migrations run correctly. The converted guest might use more space after the conversion.
+

> link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-5062[MTV-5062]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MTV-5062[MTV-5062]
```

Reviewer 2: The original link redirected fine but suggest we start using https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MTV-5062 throughout for consistency. It's already in some of the other release notes.
